You are an accomplice
This secret is hidden in my heart
So many years without survival
Only endure his bullying
But he is still waiting for me to kill my Yang family
I finally believed him.
In, in
Don't worry, I'll be there in the future.
Brother must protect me
Don't let anyone bully me
And your grandfather
I see.
How does it feel to hurt those closest to you?
I'll make that scumbag pay
I'm going to ask him.
Why would you do that?
Why have you let down so many years?
My trust in him
Yunyan, you are not in good health.
Need to rest
There's no cure for him.
He insulted my sister.
Bullying us Ouyang Qiang
Use your kidney to please the Chen family
You mustn't go see him
Deception
You can't fight him at all
Free to argue that I don't want you anymore